Programming Languages

A program is a set of instructions that tells a computer what to do in order 
to come up with a solution to a particular problem. Programs are written in a 
language that computers can understand, known as programming language. 
Each programming language has its own syntax, which consists of a set of 
rules that dictate how words and symbols can be put together to form a program.
There are hundreds of different programming languages, each with their own logic 
and syntax. Only a few of them are really popular, but a programmer can easily 
use a dozen or more languages during a career. 

C, C++ and C#

C is a general purpose programming language with a long history. C is used for
many different types of software, but it is particularly popular for system 
software, such as operating systems, device drivers and telecommunications 
applications. C is widely used because it runs very fast. It can also access 
a computer system's low level functions; this means it is closer to the 
hardware than some other programming languages. C has become an official 
standard of the American National Standards Institute, or ANSI. Many other 
programming languages borrow syntax from C.

C++ is a high-level programming language that builds on its predecessor C by 
adding object-oriented features to it. C++ is very versatile and can be used 
for many different applications. C++ is also an official ANSI standard. 
C++ is used widely for applications that rely more heavily on a graphical user
interface, or GUI. For example, many utility programs and device drivers are
written in C, while applications software with many user dialogs are written 
in C++. The name C++ represents the evolution of the C language because the 
two plus symbols represent the increment operator in C.

C# is a programming language designed by Microsoft. It combines the 
functionality of C and C++ with Visual Basic. C# is used on many operating 
systems, not just Windows. C# is one of the languages used in the Microsoft 
.NET framework. While C++ supports both object-oriented programming and 
procedural programming, C# is strictly an object-oriented programming language. 
The name C# was inspired by musical notation where a sharp indicates that the 
note should be made a semitone higher in pitch. The sharp symbol also resembles 
the combination of four plus symbols to suggest that the language is an 
increment of C++.

The Microsoft .NET framework is a programming infrastructure created by 
Microsoft. It is also referred to as Visual Studio .NET. It is used for 
building many different types of applications, such as desktop software 
applications and web services. The .NET framework makes it possible for 
different programming languages to work together. However, C# is the language 
specifically developed to create code for the .NET framework.